Add useContext hook in React docs (#1340)
Codecademy/docs: content/react/concepts/hooks/context/terms/createContext/createContext.md

---

> Title: 'React createContext()'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'createContext()'
```

> Description: 'The createContext() function is used to create an instance of the Context API.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Creates an instance of the Context API.'
```
